Hello, friends! Is our country falling towards Dictatorship? One month ago when I asked you this question, obviously, many people were shocked. But for any true patriot who truly cares for the country this question is critical. Some people had doubts if it is really happening or not. But after seeing what has happened 
in our country over the last one month, you should definitely open your eyes now. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal was arrested
without any money trail and without conviction. Two out of three election commissioners 
were appointed as per PM Modi's wish. Electoral Bonds, the biggest scam in history, all news about it disappeared from 
TV channels and newspapers. The country's biggest opposition party, 
Congress, is now saying that their bank accounts have been frozen. They are not able to campaign. In cases commenced years ago,
right before the 2024 elections, the Income Tax department has 
imposed a fine of ₹17 billion. It is being reported that even the Communist Party has been fined ₹110 million. There is news from all over the country that as soon as the opposition candidates are declared, they are getting notices from the ED and IT. And Congress even says that they are not even allowed to have
paid advertisements in the newspapers. "To publish this, we gave our names and all the documents to prove that 
this extortion racket existed, But the Chief of the newspaper 
refused to publish this advertisement." What is happening to our country? Will elections be fought like this? What can we do to protect 
the democracy of our country? Let's answers these questions in this video. And some people who still think that democracy is safe in our country, or who still think that Dictatorship 
will be good for our country, let's answer their questions too. Before starting the video, many of you had requested, so the Holi discount on Dhruv Rathee Academy is being extended for 4 more days. Now you can use this coupon code till 4th April HOLI50 to get flat 50% off on my Time Management course and my ChatGPT course too. You can scan these QR codes for the course you are interested in. Or you can find the link in the description below. Let's begin with Arvind Kejriwal's arrest. For the first time in Independent India's history, that a sitting CM has been arrested. And that too when no crime has been proven in the court. Earlier, Delhi's Education Minister 
Manish Sisodia was arrested, Delhi's Health Minister
Satyendra Jain was arrested, Aam Aadmi Party's MP 
Sanjay Singh was arrested and all of them are still in jail. Manish Sisodia is in jail for more than a year and Satyendra Jain has been jailed since 2 years ago. The most surprising thing is that none of their crimes 
have been proven in the court. ED claims that the leaders of AAP had been bribed with ₹1 billion in exchange for undue benefits 
under Delhi's Excise policy. But the party's politician Atishi says that ED and CBI have been investigating 
this case for the past 2 years. They have conducted more than 500 raids, and brought in more than 1,000 witnesses. But they have not found any evidence to prove that AAP or their ministers 
might have done something wrong. Manish Sisodia's lawyer tried to 
tell this to the Delhi High Court that there is no money trail. In fact, this policy benefited the citizens. Because policy increased the government's revenue, which could be later used 
to build schools and hospitals. So the question arises, if there is no evidence, why is the court not granting them bail? The reason behind this is PMLA. The Prevention of Money Laundering Act.  Specifically, the 2018 amendment to the act, 
by the Modi government. In this amendment, the government 
changed the conditions for bail. They made it more difficult to get bail. In other laws, it is said, innocent until proven guilty. Getting bail is considered your right. But in PMLA, it is said, guilty until proven innocent. You will not get bail until you prove yourself innocent. In this 2018 amendment, ED was given more power. Arvind Kejriwal explained these before his arrest. "Why are people not 
getting bail in ED cases? They have completely 
changed the law relating to ED. Now it is, you are guilty till proven innocent. In this law, they have written that you will be charged, an FIR will be filed against you, it doesn't matter if the accusations are true or not, you will be arrested. And you will not get bail until your case is over and you are proven innocent." But it's not that simple, friends. There is an Electoral Bond scam
connected to Arvind Kejriwal's arrest. According to the hearing in the court, Arvind Kejriwal was arrested by ED,
based on the statements of four people. One of them is Sarath Chandra Reddy The head of Aurobindo Pharma Company. On 9th November 2022, ED had summoned Reddy for questioning in this alleged liquor scam case. His statement that day was in favour of Kejriwal. But the next day, on 10th November, ED arrested him. Only 5 days after his arrest, his company Aurobindo Pharma donated ₹50 million to
BJP through electoral bonds. We know this now after 
looking at the electoral bond data. *Do you understand the chronology?* He was in jail for about 6 months. Arvind Kejriwal told the court that he gave 9 different statements during this 6 month period. And all the statements 
were in Kejriwal's favour. "He was arrested. After that, he gave 9 statements. In those 9 statements he 
didn't say anything against me. After that, 6 months after his arrest, he was released on 25th April." But on 25th April, 2023, after being in jail for 6 months, his next statement was against Kejriwal. The next month, May 2023, ED grants him bail. And in June 2023, he becomes
ED's approver in this case. And after 6 months of getting the bail, his company makes another 
donation of ₹250 million to BJP. Now you can see, friends, the level of game being played. The Electoral Bond data tells us that his company bought bonds 
worth ₹520 million in total. Of which two-thirds,
about ₹340 million went to BJP, ₹150 million to BRS and ₹25 million to TDP. This is why Atishi said that the money trail of this alleged liquor scam leads to BJP and
not to the Aam Aadmi Party. "This is the money trail of Sarath Chandra Reddy's companies money going to the BJP's bank account." The other 3 people whose statements led to Arvind Kejriwal's arrest, have similar chronologies in their stories as well. Perhaps this is why Arvind Kejriwal ignored ED's summons calling them all illegal. According to him, ED's only aim was to arrest him for any reason so that the party could be smothered and the governments in Delhi
and Punjab could be overthrown. There is an 8-minute long 
audio recording in this case, where Arvind Kejriwal 
was defending himself in court. In case you want to hear it,
its link is in the description.  Reacting to Arvind Kejriwal's arrest, Congress politician Rahul Gandhi said that "A scared dictator wants to lead a lifeless democracy." "Politicians are threatened, they are given money to overthrow governments, politicians are thrown into jails, their actions clearly 
point towards match-fixing." Taking control over all 
institutions including the media. Breaking up parties, extorting companies, freezing the accounts of 
the largest opposition party, and now, arresting CMs has become common. They are trying different tactics 
to end the Congress party. And they have been trying for months. Last year, in August, a strange defamation case 
was filed against Rahul Gandhi, which was used to disqualify him. I had talked about this case in detail in this video, in which Surat's court sentenced
Rahul Gandhi to 2 years. The Supreme Court stopped this from happening, otherwise, the leaders of the two 
biggest opposition parties in the country would have been in jail. But what are they doing now? Congress claims that their 
bank accounts have been frozen. And what's the reason to do so? The Income Tax Department says that Congress did not file its returns 
timely before the deadline. Apart from this, a 31-year-old case 
against Congress is being opened. From 1993-1994. The Income Tax Department says that something unnatural happened back then, and now Congress supposed to 
pay penal charges for that. And on 29 March, the IT department gave a notice for ₹17 billion 
to the Congress Party. And on the same day, it was reported that the IT department imposed a penalty 
of ₹110 million on the Communist Party. Why? Because they used their old PAN card. Every opposition party is being targeted like this. Look at this tweet. A TMC party candidate, Saket Gokhale wrote that during the previous 72 hours, he received 11 notices from the income tax department. Some of them relate to 7 years ago. Is this how free and fair elections 
conducted in a country? Our current situation reminds me of this film. The Dictator is a comedy film that tells a satirical story 
of a fictional dictator. To win the race, this dictator 
is willing to go to any extent. Everything that is happening in our country today, its news is reaching the whole world. First, Germany issued a statement. Then America issued a statement and now the United Nations is saying that they hope that people in India will be able to vote freely and fairly. And everyone's rights will be protected. Because of the government's actions, India's reputation has taken a nosedive globally. Some BJP politicians openly state that they want to win more than 400 seats so that they could change our country's Constitution. Look at this news. On 27th March, Shiv Sena's politician 
Amol Kirtikar was declared as a candidate.  This was at 9AM. And one hour later, at 10 AM, he received a notice from the ED. "As soon as Amol Kirtikar's 
candidacy was declared, he received ED's summons. This is a tactic to suppress. They are trying to threaten us."  Do you remember NCP's leader Praful Patel? He was accused of 
large-scale corruption by the BJP. 8 months ago, he dismantled his party, and joined BJP's alliance. And as a result, look at this news from 29th March. The case registered against him by the CBI has now been closed. Now the Modi government says that 
there was no corruption. There are many such cases, like the case of Naveen Jindal. A Congress candidate, he was accused of the Coalgate scam. But on 25th March, he joined BJP and suddenly he got a ticket from BJP. Even after seeing all this, some people are so shameless that they still say, if not him, then who? Are you seeing the condition our country is in? The truth is that any other option is better. The responsibility of conducting 
fair elections in the country is on the Election Commission. But that's a different story. On 9th March 2024, Election Commissioner Arun Goel 
resigned from his post. Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar said that he resigned because of health concerns. But as per The Hindu newspaper, people close to him claim that Arun Goel's health was perfect. The reason behind this 
resignation is speculated to be disagreements between Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar and Election Commissioner Arun Goel. Other than them, there was a vacant post
of the third Election Commissioner. There needs to be three Election  
Commissioners in our country. After his resignation, two posts were vacant. How could two new Election Commissioners be appointed? And who should appoint them? As I told you in the last video in March 2023, a 5 judge constitution bench
of the Supreme Court ordered that the appointment of election commissioners should be by a committee of 3 people, the Prime Minister, Leader of
Opposition, and the Chief Justice of India. But 3.5 months ago, the Modi government, 
introduced a new law, and removed the CJI from the committee 
to appoint the election commissioners. Instead, it would include 
a Union Minister from the ruling government, the Prime Minister, and a Leader of Opposition. And accordingly, two new Election 
Commissioners were appointed. The committee of three people included Prime Minister Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah, and an Opposition politician,
Adhir Ranjan Choudhary. But even during this appointment, the proper procedure was not followed. Adhir Ranjan Choudhary said that he was given a list of 212 names the night before. And just before the meeting, he was given the short list of 6 names. And he was not given time to judge who should be appointed, their backgrounds, their experience or their integrity. PM Modi and Amit Shah appointed these 
two election commissioners on their own. The Supreme Court did express concern that it was wrong to hide details. But apart from that, 
the court did not take any action. The court said that it would be very chaotic to stop these two appointments. So who were these two 
newly appointed election commissioners? First was Gyanesh Kumar, a retired IAS officer who actually worked under Amit Shah in 
the Home Ministry between 2016 to 2021. Second is Sukhbir Sandhu, a retired IAS officer, and between 2014 to 2023, first, he worked in the Ministry of
Human Resource Development, then he was the chairperson of NHAI, and was also the Chief Secretary of Uttarakhand. Can we expect these Election Commissioners to conduct the Lok Sabha elections fairly? Only time will tell. In our country, if an institution doesn't work properly, then the responsibility falls on the judiciary. But the story in the courts of our country
is not that different. On 8th March, we saw a very shocking case. Calcutta High Court Judge Abhijit Gangopadhyay resigned from his position and 
formally joined the BJP after a few days. He admitted that he approached 
BJP before his resignation. In a recent interview, he said that he finds it difficult to choose 
between Gandhi and Godse. If such judges are in contact with political parties, can our judiciary be called free? You tell me. In the judiciary system, 
a common phrase is often used. 'Bail is the rule, jail is an exception.' This means that people have the right to get bail. But today, the Chief Justice of India is saying that in district courts, jail is becoming the rule. Judges in lower courts are hesitant to grant bail. According to Advocate Dushyant Dave, judges are under pressure. It is a fearful environment. Judges are worried about their families. Now some people will say that if the 
situation in our country is really so bad, then how can I make this video? If our country is truly falling towards dictatorship, then how can I still criticise them openly? "If there is no democracy anymore, then such a thing cannot even happen." The Print's Shekhar Gupta used 
same argument after my last video. I have a question for all these people. Look at this video on the screen and tell
me if this car is broken or is it alright? Any normal person will say
that it is obviously a broken car. But if we use Shekhar Gupta's logic here, he will say that since there's a 
driver in the car and it is working, it means the car is in good condition. Does this make any sense? I haven't been shut up yet, and you're celebrating this. And what about those 
who have already been shut up? Look at this news headline, 6 people have been arrested 
and more than 100 FIRs have been filed, just because people were sticking posters saying, "Dethrone Modi to Save the Country." Cases were filed against the late Pawan 
Jaiswal, under four sections, just because he reported that in this school, for the midday meal, 
kids were given rotis with salt. This is a common logical fallacy 
known as False Dilemma. Forcing things to be black and white. A country is either a democracy
 or a dictatorship. Nothing in between. I never said that the country has 
already become a 100% dictatorship. I said that the country is leaning towards dictatorship and I am still saying the same. Democracy and dictatorship are 
the ends of a spectrum, a large scale. There are different ways to measure democracy, grading it between 0 to 10. Different terms are used, if democracy is thriving in a country, then it is called a Fully Functional Liberal Democracy. It is followed by Working Democracy, If democracy is struggling
it is a Flawed Democracy. Then comes Deficient Democracy, Electoral Autocracy, Hybrid Regime, and finally Authoritarian Regime which is actual Dictatorship. People are so worried about their cars that even if there's a small scratch or dent, 
they get angry and start screaming. And here, on the car of democracy, there are such huge dents,
it has been destroyed ruthlessly, that people are shocked 
to see the car still running. If you consider yourself to be a patriot, but do not speak up even though 
this is the situation the car is in, then are you truly a patriot? This month, the Democracy Report 2024 was released by Sweden's V-Dem Institute. And do you know which 
category India has been put into? Electoral Autocracy. Two steps away from full dictatorship. This means that multi-party 
elections are held in the country, but there is no fair level playing field. People's freedom is being crushed. In this report, It is written that the Modi government has used laws like sedition, 
defamation, and counter-terrorism to suppress the voices against it. And soon another law can be added to this
list. Under the Broadcasting 
Services Regulation Bill 2023, they are trying to bring in new IT rules. As per the Rules, there is a 
broad definition of broadcasting. People who have a YouTube channel, Facebook account, Instagram handle,
 or even a WhatsApp channel, they will all be categorised as broadcasters. Every broadcaster will have 
to register with the government and the government will have 
a Central Evaluation Committee that has been bestowed with a lot of powers. Broadcasters can send only the videos or messages that have been approved by this committee "except for specific programs
exempted by the government." Under this law, the government will have the power to seize any YouTuber's 
equipment without any prior notice. One thing is certain, they are trying their best to 
suppress the voices even on social media. And when I will be finally 
prevented from speaking up, what will you say then? What will be your argument then? If there's no one criticising it, you'd say that it means democracy is thriving. Do not delude yourself if you support the government, Being a Modi supporter does not protect you. Thinking that even if the 
country is turned into a dictatorship, everything will be well for you. Sonam Wangchuk did support the government. When Article 370 was abrogated. "I believe that this is good news for Ladakh, it finally got its right." But when there was a problem in his area, and he tried to raise awareness about it, despite him being on a 21-days long hunger strike, the government did not speak up. In a dictatorship, a dictator only cares about his ego, his power, and his money only. He is not concerned about the public. Many farmers supported the government, but when they found out that they would not
even be given the right to place their demands, the entire media would discredit them 
by calling them traitors, then they realised what a Dictatorship can mean. If you are a student, and there is a paper leak, keep quiet. If you want to raise your voice against rising inflation, your voice will be silenced. If you are enduring any kind of 
injustice in your daily life, you will have no option
but to keep quiet and shut your mouth. We can see this already happening for 
issues like unemployment and inflation. In August 2023, the Minister of State 
Jitendra Singh told the Parliament that more than 960,000 central government jobs lie vacant. For private jobs, in February this year,
hiring platform Indeed reported that  since December 2021, fresher job postings have been declining. This Frontline report from March 2024  there's a hiring decline even in the IT sector. The employment situation is so bad that the Haryana government had to advertise 
more than 10,000 contractual labour jobs in Israel. A nation that has become a war zone, the Haryanvi youth is being 
sent there by the government. This is the condition of jobs in the country. And what can one say about inflation? Petrol now costs ₹90 to ₹110. This report from January 2024 shows that the United Nations' Food Price Index puts global food inflation at -10.1% which means food prices 
are decreasing all over the world. But in India, what was the food price 
index inflation as on December 2023? 9.5%. The government distributes free 
food to more than 800 million people. Think about it, what was the need 
to give free food to 800 million people? This can only be because these 
people don't even have the money to eat. Now after hearing all this, some people will still ask why am I talking about the Modi government only? "But what about Indira Gandhi's dictatorship?" "She was also a dictator, why don't you talk about her dictatorial nature?" Again, this is a useless argument. This is called a Red Herring Fallacy. Did I exist when Indira Gandhi
declared the emergency? No. Had I existed, 
I would have been making similar videos. And in fact, I have made a video
on Indira Gandhi's emergency. Where I talk about how it was 
a black day for democracy. But merely counting the problems of the past, does not resolve present's problems. What happened back then was wrong. And what is happening now is also wrong. Back then, democracy was saved 
due to the brave struggle of some people. But today, who will save the country? They have bought the media, every institution has been compromised, opposition leaders have been arrested. Who is left? We. We, the people of India, we are the last hope. Just like there were mass 
protests during the Emergency, and in the following elections, Indira Gandhi was defeated. With the same spirit, today Indian citizens need to raise their voices 
against this undeclared emergency. If you are chant Bharat Mata ki Jai, then prepare yourself to save Bharat Mata. If you respect Gandhi ji, 
Bhagat Singh, and Netaji Bose, then ignite the same passion in yourself as them. The freedom that he fought for 
with their blood, sweat, and tears, protecting that freedom, protecting Indian democracy is our duty. Every person watching this video should consider themselves 
the protectors of democracy. This is our responsibility now. Step 1: Raise your voice. Each and every voice matters. If you cannot raise your voice, then forward this video to 100 people. On WhatsApp groups, individually, on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, our mission is to spread 
this news to every corner of our nation. To every voter in the country. Step 2: Do not forget to vote. This year, there is no excuse. Because every vote matters. Check the date of election in your constituency.  If you are abroad, come back to vote. Because everything is at stake this year. Go to this link, you can get it 
in the description, to check   if you're already registered for voting. If your name isn't on this list, 
it means that you aren't registered to vote. To complete your voter registration, go to this link, this is in the description too. Step 3: Talk about this with the people around you. Do you know that 30%-35% 
of eligible voters in our country do not go to vote. Convince the people in your family, tell your friends, 
convince your neighbours, the person you buy your vegetables from, the person who irons your clothes, your househelpers, every person you can reach out to to tell them about the 
emergency situation in our country. Try to convince them to vote. Don't think that you are alone in your efforts. As Krishna says in Gita, Don't think about the result,
simply put in your best efforts. If every person watching this video decides that for the next 20 days every day, they will tell 5 people about this, that will be more than enough. There are more than 10 million people 
connected to this YouTube channel. One person has to reach out to only 100 people this way we can reach out to all 1 billion 
eligible voters from all over the country. And step 4, do this with happiness, 
with laughter, and with love. Laugh so loudly that 
you drown the oppressor's ego. Spread love to wash out the stains 
left behind by hatred and distrust. Remember these four things. Raise your voice. Vote. Convince others to vote. Laugh and spread love. That's all we need to do. We can protect our country. We will protect our country! Inquilab Zindabad!
Long live the Revolution! Jai Hind!